[doc] Add camera/next docs (#25940)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/camera-next.mdx

        <Text style={{ textAlign: 'center' }}>We need your permission to show the camera</Text>
        <Button onPress={requestPermission} title="grant permission" />
      </View>
    );
  }
  /* @end */

  function toggleCameraFacing() {
    setFacing(current => (current === 'back' ? 'front' : 'back'));
  }

  return (
    <View style={styles.container}>
      <CameraView style={styles.camera} facing={facing}>
        <View style={styles.buttonContainer}>
          <TouchableOpacity style={styles.button} onPress={toggleCameraFacing}>
            <Text style={styles.text}>Flip Camera</Text>
          </TouchableOpacity>
        </View>
      </CameraView>
    </View>
  );
}

/* @hide const styles = StyleSheet.create({ ... }); */
const styles = StyleSheet.create({
  container: {
    flex: 1,
    justifyContent: 'center',
  },
  camera: {
    flex: 1,
  },
  buttonContainer: {
    flex: 1,
    flexDirection: 'row',
    backgroundColor: 'transparent',
    margin: 64,
  },
  button: {
    flex: 1,
    alignSelf: 'flex-end',
    alignItems: 'center',
  },
  text: {
    fontSize: 24,
    fontWeight: 'bold',
    color: 'white',
  },
});
/* @end */
```

## Web support

> Luckily most browsers support at least some form of web camera functionality, you can check out the [web camera browser support here](https://caniuse.com/#feat=stream). Image URIs are always returned as base64 strings because local file system paths are not available in the browser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most browsers [support at least some form of web camera functionality](https://caniuse.com/#feat=stream). Image URIs are always returned as base64 strings because local file system paths are unavailable in the browser.
```

Again, outside the scope of the PR so feel free to ignore the suggestion.
